Instead of using a string template,
React uses JavaScript objects to build the user interface.
This is a fundamental difference between React and other popular Javascript frameworks.
React elements this lightweight JavaScript objects,
not actual DOM nodes.
And we get to use the full power of JavaScript to put them together.
We use these elements to describe what the page should look like
and then let React do the hard part of actually manipulating the DOM.
We can even create our own custom elements called components,
that we can use to neatly encapsulate groups of elements and behavior.
These components are the building blocks of React.
So, let's get started and create some elements.